alright well I just failed it because
this song because my camera stopped
recording because the card wasn't in
there all the way anyway this is my
impossible song called OMG i'm pretty
sure that the only people i had the only
slide Jeter because it's like really the
only way to do it I think there's only
two people in the world who could
probably do this or 301 dude you have
the first step c at ttfaf phenom and jlc
sadly excuse you show yeah
yes yes second time holy God song is
impossible oh I guess it's not so
impossible anymore actually the only
impossible thing would be the FC it and
five probably five sorry highest
multiplier 3x my arms hurt I've been
playing this I've just made it and I've
been playing the song for like two and a
half hours and I finally beat it for the
first time this is the second time I did
it so uh OMG seventy percent of them